ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/technical-success/support/process/enablement/index.md

- [Kubernetes crash course](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mmD3NZaxAGiIwGLvYxK80DjuQco7z5JL/view?usp=sharing) (and the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/155SXUleQP8X7tvhaxudkdxHuFXgFKy2d0AAu0GLUc1o/edit?usp=sharing))
- [What does upgrading Sourcegraph look like](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oIrKJPo9hvc2UMfpb-a57HV9fCYEcS9n/view)
- [What does upgrading a Kubernetes instance with overlay look like](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aWsXejG2qeFKGrY5BGzpSabwGuU1gLM3/view?usp=sharing)

> - [How to deploy Sourcegraph to GCP with Kubernetes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10uIp-rcN3nRa0FguScHU3NRrcXxgy6C7/view?usp=sharing) _note that #distribution is now defunct and if you have further questions on how to get up a cluster you should consult #delivery , #dev-ops and/or #devinfra_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to deploy Sourcegraph to GCP with Kubernetes](https://drive.google.com/file/d/10uIp-rcN3nRa0FguScHU3NRrcXxgy6C7/view?usp=sharing) _note that #distribution is now defunct and if you have further questions on how to get up a cluster you should consult #discuss-dev-ops and/or #discuss-dev-infra.
```
